What do you mean you can't wake up?
You hurt me
Xiao Qiao
He can't absorb Reiki from you for a long time
Soul-gazing will use up the last of his strength
But what did he insist on doing?
Then why don't you stop him?
Why is that?
Do you have money?
I didn't lie to you. I like you.
I will never betray you
You stop loving
Stop
Ok ok
Why are you so impulsive at such a young age?
Except for being late
Joel wake up and don't kill me
He can still wake up
This is a life-saving list
Xiao Er was not in good health before
It is easy to faint when using Reiki
I'm always worried that he won't wake up like this.
I have been practicing this ammunition for ten years
Finally caught up today
Xiao Qiao
Without my permission in the future
Stop doing stupid things